2015 Sibos Microsite Script

Logos: Wells Fargo and Sibos 2015 Singapore

[HOME/LANDING PAGE]

Thank you for visiting the Wells Fargo Sibos webpage.

Singapore — host site of Sibos 2015 — successfully progressed during the 20th century from a tiny island state to one of the most innovative and successful city-states in the world.
With little land and natural resources, Singapore has evolved into a financial, transportation, and manufacturing hub.

In a world of increasing competition and ever-changing regulations, financial institutions must be ready to evolve and grow in a similar fashion.
Wells Fargo has been there and will continue to work with you throughout the journey.
As a trusted advisor that supports your company year after year, you can rely on Wells Fargo’s expertise and global resources to help you navigate the constantly evolving financial services sector.
Our customer-inspired, tailored financial products and services, deeply experienced local relationship teams, and 160-plus years of strength and stability will help you maintain the momentum needed to move your business forward.

Come visit our booth (stand D26) and learn more about Wells Fargo’s evolution and the technological advancements we have made to help our customers and partners succeed around the world.

For more information about Sibos 2015, please visit the official Sibos website at sibos.com.




[SECTION I: ABOUT WELLS FARGO]

Headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo has developed since it was founded in 1852 into one of the largest financial services companies in the United States and around the world.
Wells Fargo provides customers with an array of banking, insurance, investments, mortgage, consumer, and commercial finance products and services through a global network of offices located in 36 countries, including the U.S.
Through our commitment to serving our customers’ needs, Wells Fargo has become one of the most valuable banks in the world in terms of market capitalization.

Strength and stability
Over the course of more than 160 years, our business model has evolved — from carrying and safeguarding our customers’ valuables in stagecoaches across the United States to offering anytime, anywhere online access to conduct global business transactions via our Commercial Electronic Office® (CEO®) portal and mobile platform.
Through decades of technological innovations and breakthroughs, we have grown and evolved alongside our customers, under our enduring vision: We want to satisfy all our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially.

Our capital strength, stable business model, and dedicated, experienced management teams are key elements that have allowed us to help our customers succeed.

The Global Financial Institutions (GFI) team executes the Wells Fargo vision by serving the increasing financial needs of U.S.
and international financial institutions, supranationals, sovereigns, and agencies.
GFI seeks to broaden and deepen customer relationships by providing integrated, end-to-end financial solutions across multiple product platforms.

Wells Fargo’s global presence includes:
•	Worldwide reach with more than 35 overseas offices and branch locations, including in the Dubai International Financial Centre (United Arab Emirates); Hong Kong; London; Seoul; Shanghai; Singapore; Taipei; Tokyo; Toronto; and the Cayman Islands
•	Localized support with more than 4,000 team members based outside of the U.S.
•	More than 100 years in financial institutions banking
•	One of the world’s largest providers of foreign exchange (FX), treasury management, and trade-processing services
•	The only bank-owned factoring company specializing in trade financing
•	A business that was ranked #1 in 2015, 2014, and 2013 in overall institutional satisfaction for global financial institutions by FImetrix
•	One of only eight global banks to receive recognition as a “FImetrix Distinguished Provider for Global Transaction Services” three years in a row, in 2015, 2014, and 2013
To learn more, visit one of the links on the right to download our brochure or visit wellsfargo.com/international.

Call out box on the right of the page

Resources
•	Wells Fargo Today
•	Social responsibility report
•	Latest earnings report




[SECTION II: SIBOS EVENTS]

Engage in energizing conversations with colleagues and build momentum for a successful week at Sibos.

We are proud to host our Annual Sibos Celebration reception at Clifford Pier, a historical landmark that pays tribute to the cultural diversity that helped to transform Singapore into the global financial and transportation hub that it is today.

In addition, we will be hosting a welcome reception at the Wells Fargo Sibos booth (D26) and a breakfast seminar on “The Evolving FinTech Landscape, Payment Trends, and Impact on Global Payment Strategies.”

Please contact your Wells Fargo Global Financial Institutions (GFI) relationship manager for more details about these events.
We hope you can join us.

Sunday, Oct.
11, 2015
4:00 p.m.
– 7:00 p.m.
Annual Sibos Celebration
Clifford Pier, Collyer Quay

Monday, Oct.
12, 2015
4:00 p.m.
– 6:00 p.m.
Booth reception
Wells Fargo booth D26


Tuesday, Oct.
13, 2015
7:30 a.m.
– 9:00 a.m.
Wells Fargo Sibos Executive Speaker Series
The Evolving FinTech Landscape, Payment Trends and Impact on Global Payment Strategies
Marina Bay Sands Expo and Convention Center
Level 4 — Orchid Rooms 4202 and 4203
(Breakfast will be served at 7:00 a.m.)
Space is limited by invitation only, so please speak to your relationship manager about availability.


[SECTION III: WELLS FARGO BOOTH]
Wells Fargo is exhibiting at Sibos and is excited to bring you a unique booth experience.
We look forward to seeing you at our booth at stand D26.

Learn.
Stop by to take your picture in front of the Buffalo Bill Stagecoach and learn more about the history of Wells Fargo.

Connect.
Build momentum for successful partnerships with our executive leadership and relationship managers, who look forward to connecting with you in our booth.

Link to Conference Floor plan: https://www.sibos.com/conference/floorplan
(link to exhibition floor map)  (remove booth pictures)



[SECTION IV: SIBOS SPEAKERS]

As one of the largest financial services companies, with a proven track record of demonstrated success, Wells Fargo is committed to supporting our customers through the proactive sharing and exchanging knowledge, experience, and expertise.
To that end, we are excited that several of our business specialists will be featured speakers at Sibos this year.

Monday, October 12
10:00 – 10:30 a.m.
Sibos Open Theater
Partnering for success: Compliance as a competitive advantage
Speakers:
Justina Rousseau, Senior Vice President, Regional Risk Manager, Global Financial Institutions
Tom Burnside, Senior Vice President, Senior Compliance Officer, International Group

11:30 a.m.
– 12:30 p.m.
INNOTRIBE panel session
Future of money: A burning platform?
Speaker:
Steve Ellis, Executive Vice President, Head of Innovation Group

Tuesday, October 13
10:15 – 11:15 a.m.
Reinventing correspondent banking
Speaker:
George Doolittle, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Payment Services

3:45 – 5:00 p.m.
Implementation of the BCBS Liquidity Monitoring Tools in Asia: What is the status, which are the challenges and how can industry collaboration help to support compliance in the region and at global level?
Speaker:
Michael Knorr, Senior Vice President, Head of Operational Risk and Liquidity Management, Global Payment Services

Wednesday, October 14
1:00 – 1:45 p.m.
Standards Forum
Compliance Focus: Finding the needle by standardising the payments haystack
Speaker:
Joanne Strobel, Senior Vice President, Head of Technical Sales and Payment Strategy, Global Payment Services

Thursday, October 15
10:15 – 11:15 a.m.
Alternative financing models: Opportunities or threats for banks?
Speaker:
Bipin Sahni, Senior Vice President, Research and Development, Innovation Group

1:00 – 2:00 p.m.
INNOTRIBE panel session
Analytics for a real-time world
Speaker:
Bipin Sahni, Senior Vice President, Research and Development, Innovation Group

Find more information about these sessions, including the full Sibos conference program, at sibos.com.


[SECTION V: EXPLORE SINGAPORE]
Singapore has an ample supply of things to see and do — with entertainment for all ages, grand architecture, multicultural meals, luscious green spaces, and endless shopping opportunities on Orchard Road.
2015 marks Singapore’s 50th year of independence and as a result, it has elevated its attractions.
It’s no wonder that Lonely Planet named it the #1 top country to visit in its “Best in Travel 2015.”

While in Singapore, you may want to:
•	Walk the waterfront.
Explore the various architectural landmarks around Marina Bay that create the city’s signature skyline.
Stroll along the 11.7-kilometer route around the Marina Reservoir and you’ll see highlights like Singapore’s Helix bridge, Sun Yat Seng Nanyang Memorial Hall, One Raffles Place, and Youth Olympic Park.
http://www.marina-bay.sg/promenade.html
•	Explore stunning green spaces.
Singapore is known as the “greenest city on earth,” with nearly 10% of its land set aside for parks and nature reserves.
Gardens by the Bay spans 101 hectares of reclaimed land, offering stunning waterfront views, and featuring a choreographed Garden Rhapsody light and sound show amidst 18 massive solar-powered Supertrees.
http://www.gardensbythebay.com.sg/en/home.html
•	Feast on the local cuisine.
While Singapore is home to numerous celebrity chefs; the local cuisine is as rich and varied as its people.
Be sure to sample a few of the famous local dishes — Hainanese chicken rice, porridge, tapioca pastries, meat fritters, and curries — in the city’s 100-plus hawker centers.
Maxwell Road Food Centre in Chinatown is one of the oldest.
http://www.yoursingapore.com/content/traveller/en/browse/dining/restaurants/maxwell-road-hawker-centre.html
•	Indulge in art.
Art in all forms can be found across the city, in the Singapore Art Museum, Ritz-Carlton, and more.
But if you’re looking to make a single stop, choose either Gillman Barracks, which houses 17 international galleries showcasing contemporary art, or visit Marina Bay’s lotus-shaped ArtScience Museum, which is home to 21 galleries featuring art, science, and international touring exhibitions — including the largest collection of abyssal creatures and an exhibition showcasing the evolution of Singapore through stories of its origin, adversity, failure, and triumph.
http://gillmanbarracks.com/ and http://www.marinabaysands.com/museum.html
•	Shop till you drop.
You can spend days browsing the retail shops and food courts located in malls all along Orchard Road.
But a hip strip of boutique retail shops also can be found on Haji Lane in Singapore’s Muslim quarter, Kampong Glam.
http://www.yoursingapore.com/content/traveller/en/browse/see-and-do/hip-hangouts/haji-lane.html
•	Take an after-dark adventure.
Wildlife Reserves Singapore is the country’s #1 nightspot.
During the Night Safari, you’ll see thousands of animals from Asia, Africa, Europe, and the Americas in their natural environments — while helping to fund conservation, rescue, and research to improve the lives of animals in captivity and in the wild.
http://www.nightsafari.com.sg/


RESOURCES BOX
•	YourSingapore.com (http://www.yoursingapore.com/)
•	TripAdvisor – top things to do in Singapore (http://www.tripadvisor.com/Attractions-g294265-Activities-Singapore.html)


[SECTION VI: CHARITABLE GIVING]

Together, we can make a difference
“At Wells Fargo, corporate social responsibility (CSR) is part of our culture — it’s fundamental to our vision and values and the way we manage our company.
It’s been that way since our founding in 1852 when cofounder Henry Wells said, ‘Our lives are not measured by the number of years and days we exist, but by what we accomplish while we live, and the good we may render to our fellow man.’ That heritage holds true today — and it’s important to our future.”
— Jon R.
Campbell, Executive Vice President and head of Government and Community Relations

For the sixth year in a row, Wells Fargo was named United Way Worldwide’s #1 workplace giving campaign in the U.S.
In 2014, our team members contributed a record US$97.7 million to nonprofits and schools, and volunteered 1.74 million hours in their communities.

For the past five years, during our Annual Sibos Celebration reception, Wells Fargo has made an annual US$10,000 donation to charities and nonprofits in the communities where our team members live and work.

At Wells Fargo, we believe everyone deserves a decent, safe place to call home.
In the past five years, Wells Fargo has donated more than $40 million to Habitat for Humanity International and affiliates combined, as part of the Wells Fargo Housing Foundation’s commitment to support affordable housing initiatives serving low- and moderate-income households, and sustainable housing and community revitalization efforts.
Wells Fargo is one of the largest providers of volunteers to Habitat with team members participating in projects globally.

This year at Sibos, please help us continue our support of Habitat for Humanity.
We have selected four Habitat for Humanity sites around the globe in need of further funding and support.
Through a fun voting process, you will get to help determine how to distribute a total of US$10,000 to the following sites:

•	Habitat for Humanity Brazil
Habitat for Humanity began working in Brazil in 1992 by serving families who suffered tremendous losses due to floods in Belo Horizonte.
Habitat’s work in Brazil has helped 12,708 families in 11 states throughout the country by helping to build 4,531 homes and improve 1,512 homes.
It also has helped 2,356 families secure land tenure.

“Having the opportunity to volunteer in our global communities — most recently in Brazil through Habitat for Humanity’s Global Village Program — really allows me to gain perspective and balance in the rest of my life.
Brazil represents such a dichotomy of socioeconomic conditions while still being rooted in a deep sense of culture.
I am honored and humbled that Wells Fargo provided me the opportunity, financial support, and volunteer leave time to support Habitat, and to help the amazing city of Recife, Brazil flourish.” —Laura Fay, Head of Communications and Public Relations for Wells Fargo Funds Management Group

•	Habitat for Humanity Great Britain
Habitat Great Britain supports international and local projects for people in need of decent homes, both financially and technically.
Habitat also runs a volunteer program in the country as a means of raising the profile of poverty housing and cultivating activists for the right to decent housing.
Through its strong Global Village program, Habitat for Humanity Great Britain has sent more than 5,000 volunteers in at least 385 teams to Argentina, Armenia, Bangladesh, Brazil, Bulgaria, Malawi, and many other countries since 2001.

Placeholder for team member quote

•	Habitat for Humanity India
Habitat for Humanity began operations in India in 1983 and is among the largest Habitat programs in the Asia-Pacific region.
Habitat India has helped more than 55,000 families gain access to decent shelter, as well as rebuild their homes and lives following disasters.
Habitat has plans to reach 500,000 low-income families with improved housing solutions, clean water, safe sanitation, and post-disaster reconstruction by 2019.

“I volunteered with Habitat for Humanity at the HudHud cyclone rehabilitation site at Vishakapatnam recently, and my experience was both fascinating and educative.
The village was completely devastated due to the cyclone, and Habitat for Humanity is working on building homes for the villagers who lost their homes in this disaster.
Habitat for Humanity has a sustainable model, which ensures the house owner owns the house eventually by paying for it over a period of time.” — Firoz Ahmed, Technology Manager, Wells Fargo India Solutions

•	Habitat for Humanity Singapore
Habitat Singapore has mobilized hundreds of teams of volunteers for building projects and disaster response to countries such as China, India, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Thailand.
Locally, Habitat for Humanity Singapore funds Project HomeWorks, where homes of the elderly poor are cleaned, and adequate household furnishings are provided for families in need.
Since 2006, volunteers have helped to clean 1,500 homes.

“Over the last decade, over 10,000 Habitat for Humanity Singapore volunteers have built homes to help alleviate poverty throughout the Asia-Pacific region.
As a volunteer and member of the broader APAC community, it’s rewarding to witness the joy and gratitude that new homeowners express when they see their new homes.
As a Wells Fargo team member, it’s rewarding to work for a company that truly values global community involvement.” — Natalie Tarnopolsky, Chief Admin Officer, Global Banking


Be sure to visit the Habitat for Humanity voting booth during our reception to select the build site of your choice.
 [Insert date and footer info]

[SECTION VII: PHOTOS]

TBD post event

